docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc, before:

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `csi_driver_smb`.

== `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `kube-system`

The namespace in which to deploy this component.

== `defaultMountOptions`

[horizontal]
type:: array
default:: [ 'dir_mode=0777', 'file_mode=0777', 'vers=3.0' ]

Mount options to use by default.

== `volumes`

[horizontal]
type:: array
default:: []

List of volumes to create. Each volume supports the following attributes:

=== `name`, `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
mandatory:: true

The name and namespace of the Volume

=== `shareHost`, `shareName`

[horizontal]
type:: string
mandatory:: true

The SMB host name (FQDN or IP address) and share name to use.

=== `username`, `password`

[horizontal]
type:: string
mandatory:: true

Vault reference to the username. Usually in the form of:

[source, yaml]
----
username: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/smb-<identifier>/username}'
password: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/smb-<identifier>/password}'
----

Adjust theidentifier to your needs. If multiple volumes in the same namespace share the same credentials, it makes sense to use the namespace, in other cases the volume name or something completely different might be more appropriate.

=== `createClaim`
type:: boolean
default:: `false`

Whether or not the PVC object should also be managed. Its name will be set to the `name` parameter.


=== `pvPatch`, `pvcPatch`

type:: dict
default:: {}

Optional patches for the PV or PVC resources that are being created. Patches will be applied according to https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7396[RFC7396].

Note that while this could be used to overwrite PV capacity, the change would be purely cosmetic. Volume capacity is determined only by the backing SMB share.

== Example

[source,yaml]
----
parameters:
  csi_driver_smb:
    namespace: example-namespace

    # Will be merged with defaults from component. Use ~defaultMountOptions to reset
    defaultMountOptions:
      - nobrl

    volumes:
      - name: my_share
        namespace: my-test-app
        shareHost: smb_host.example.tld
        shareName: my_share
        username: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/smb-my-test-app/username}'
        password: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/smb-my-test-app/password}'
      - name: overwrite
        namespace: my-test-app
        shareHost: smb_host.example.tld
        shareName: my_share
        username: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/smb-my-test-app/username}'
        password: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/smb-my-test-app/password}'
        createClaim: true
        pvOverrides:
          spec:
            capacity:
              storage: 300Gi
----

Commit message:

Manage Namespace and support OpenShift
csi-driver-smb has to be updated to v1.7.0 due to an upstream bugfix
which added the `serviceAccountName` to the node DaemonSet.

The Helm Chart can create the ServiceAccounts and we therefore don't
have to manage them in this component.

The Pods of this CSIDriver run in privileged mode and therefore require
the privileged SCC on OpenShift.

Closes #22

docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc, after:

= Parameters

The parent key for all of the following parameters is `csi_driver_smb`.

== `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `kube-system`

The namespace in which to deploy this component.

== `defaultMountOptions`

[horizontal]
type:: array
default:: [ 'dir_mode=0777', 'file_mode=0777', 'vers=3.0' ]

Mount options to use by default.

== `helmValues`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: See `class/defaults.yml`

Values passed to Helm.
See https://github.com/kubernetes-csi/csi-driver-smb/blob/master/charts/README.md[Chart README] for a list of possible parameters.

== `volumes`

[horizontal]
type:: array
default:: []

List of volumes to create. Each volume supports the following attributes:

=== `name`, `namespace`

[horizontal]
type:: string
mandatory:: true

The name and namespace of the Volume

=== `shareHost`, `shareName`

[horizontal]
type:: string
mandatory:: true

The SMB host name (FQDN or IP address) and share name to use.

=== `username`, `password`

[horizontal]
type:: string
mandatory:: true

Vault reference to the username. Usually in the form of:

[source, yaml]
----
username: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/smb-<identifier>/username}'
password: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/smb-<identifier>/password}'
----

Adjust theidentifier to your needs. If multiple volumes in the same namespace share the same credentials, it makes sense to use the namespace, in other cases the volume name or something completely different might be more appropriate.

=== `createClaim`
type:: boolean
default:: `false`

Whether or not the PVC object should also be managed. Its name will be set to the `name` parameter.


=== `pvPatch`, `pvcPatch`

type:: dict
default:: {}

Optional patches for the PV or PVC resources that are being created. Patches will be applied according to https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7396[RFC7396].

Note that while this could be used to overwrite PV capacity, the change would be purely cosmetic. Volume capacity is determined only by the backing SMB share.

== Example

[source,yaml]
----
parameters:
  csi_driver_smb:
    namespace: example-namespace

    # Will be merged with defaults from component. Use ~defaultMountOptions to reset
    defaultMountOptions:
      - nobrl

    volumes:
      - name: my_share
        namespace: my-test-app
        shareHost: smb_host.example.tld
        shareName: my_share
        username: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/smb-my-test-app/username}'
        password: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/smb-my-test-app/password}'
      - name: overwrite
        namespace: my-test-app
        shareHost: smb_host.example.tld
        shareName: my_share
        username: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/smb-my-test-app/username}'
        password: '?{vaultkv:${cluster:tenant}/${cluster:name}/smb-my-test-app/password}'
        createClaim: true
        pvOverrides:
          spec:
            capacity:
              storage: 300Gi
----
